It all works great for me!
It can write simple programs!
It can run simple programs!
Right now, it does what it needs to do!
This is amazing! A working bot!
It should be made into a testable class and released.
Also, the first video should be made.
I made it. I made a bot that write code directly to the user's PC.

Chat not really working :)
Need to add logging example.



I hopefully fixed some of the basic bugs.
Will do some manual testing.
Then, will fix the file writing bug.
Upgrade code writing to have a requirement understanding phase.
Also, upgrade code writing to default to a more powerful model.
Release the first useful version of this package.
Make this a class so that it can work with other code.


Needs a lot of logging to debug properly...
Also, should use something like o1-preview for coding.
The coding needs to be better!
Should put the verbs out of the main module.
The main module should be small and easy to upgrade.


Seems /chat is not working


There is a bug in the chat... Checking


It is pretty great now. There seems to be a bug! It did not write
the test file correctly and then stopped.
I need to add logging to everything. :)
Will use the bot to modify itself and make a new version.


Clearly, it has a problem with not speaking first now. :Definitely
It wants to speak and then do something.
I am inclined to allow this behavior...
I want it to write the new behavior for itself.
It can split the text to lines and then `chat` all the lines until
an action is taken.
Then it can perform that action.
Then it can feed in all the lines after that action to the action.
Hmmm... I don't need that mess right now...

It has some problems.
First it was locked in a list files loop,
it was looking for a log.
Second, it is not programmed to let the user answer during a chat.
While it is good that it can chain actions,
it is bad that it will not let the user answer questions during /chat


Almost got it. There was a problem during writing, running or understanding
the test result. Going to go again and see what happens next.


Goals: test the functions we implemented in the previous session.
Fix any bugs. Make sure the basics of the self-writing bot are working.
Definitely add some kind of back method when overwriting a file.
Preferably, create a new branch before making changes to the bot.
Also, define a new version depending on the scale of the changes.


Some things that are needed:
A JSON format for managing complex interactions (maybe?)
Some safty, backup existing files before overwriting.
Make sure old requirements remain, unless
the user specifies they should be removed.
Make sure code is heavily documented and testable.
Split the project to multiple files.
Lower temperature of the models to save time.


I noticed that because of working with the bot, I am
becoming more of an architect or a manager. As a coder
I would "brute force" my way through difficulty by
coming up with a clever hacky solution that gets
things running as people want! I wouldn't bother with
a more high level look at the project that much. I
would normally dive into the details. The fine print.
As a person, guiding a coding bot, I have to give
clear and percise instructions. I need to ask the 
right questions and make the right decisions or
everything falls apart because the bot can only
understand so much! The plan has to be great! It has
to make sense for things to be stable, reliable and
acceptable. This requires a different way, of high-
level thinking I am not accustomed to, that much.

So last time I ran into some problems in organization.
The bot writes its own code and commits it to github.
It should be much more coherent and fluent.
I want to create a state machine with specific goals.
A main character that chats with you about anything.
This character is also acting like a receptionist
or a menu. It allows the user to access other
capabilities of the Self-Augmenting-Model-System
The first other state is 'understanding project
requirements', this is a preperatory stage for coding.
It collects everything that is known about
pre-existing requirements and the new requirements.
It asks the user guiding questions.
One it feels it understands the requirements,
it asks the user to give their OK.
Then the user can continue to discuss requirements
or enter the coding phase.
After the coding phase, there is a testing phase
After that, if all tests pass,
there is a code review on the changes
and on the tests.
After the code is approved during the review
The bot will commit the changes to git
If the code is not approved, the bot will continue
to work with the user until things work appropriately.
Then it returns to the main mode, where it is normal
chat. Behind the normal chat there is a helper AI
That detects if the user wants to enter, currently,
only requirements mode. In the future, it will be
detecting all kinds of user needs: such as add task.
The bot behind the chat needs to be flexible and
extensible so it can understand the user wants well!

It is definitely more of a documentary now.
There is much work to do tomorrow. This is getting very long for an episode.
I should definitely add an appropriate error message if it fails because of credits.
I might need to pay more. :D

It could also use a pyWebGui for chat.
It needs to be robust to be useful.
Checking if it is working now. :D
I talked with the bot without recording for a few minutes.

I wonder what will happen now when it attemps to update itself. :)
It is still thinking.
Seems to be done, maybe.
There are two main changes that are needed for quality of life.
(1) Sam should be able to run short python scripts - code bits, directly.
(2) Sam should know about all the verbs and actions it can take and actively decide to use them.

OK, it updated its own code for the first time. This is exciting!